Wednesday, May 6

Neil and I got up early (surprise) and ate breakfast, while James and
Thomas got ready. Around this time, James realized that he had lost his
leather jacket (we later realize his passport was in that jacket). We
left promptly at 9:15 for the Waterford plant. We toured the factory,
then left for Cork. We drove through Cork on our way to Cobh (pronounced
"cove"). This town was nestled on an island inside County Cork. We
visited the multi media exhibit at the restored Victorian Railway
Station, recanting the famous "Queenstown Story". This port played an
important role for emigrating Irish to America, as well as being the
last port of calls for the legendary Titanic and Lusitania. James ate a
pita at the giftshop while taking in the history. Next, we hopped back
on the bus and headed to Blarney Castle. We toured the castle
extensively, even exploring caves with Thomas' zippo lighter. Everyone,
of course, kissed the stone. We ate lunch at a small restaurant in town.
Neil and Thomas ate chicken sandwiches, while I had a couple BLT
baggettes. We then went shopping, buying Waterford crystal and some
sweaters before boarding the bus for Killarney. We arrived at the hotel
around 6pm and rested before dinner at 8pm. We all had the potato soup
and lamb chops. After dinner, we walked around downtown, but ended up at
Scruffy's next to the hotel. I retired early back to the room after a
single beer, while James, Neil and Thomas stayed down at the pub until
4am. I got an uncharacteristic 9 hours of sleep that night. Thomas,
James, and Neil spent the evening entertaining a couple of girls from
Chicago, Margie and Megan.

