Tuesday, May 5

Neil and I missed breakfast this morning since we thought we were
leaving at 9:30 instead of 9:00. We left Dublin on the bus towards the
Wicklow Mountains. We stopped in Glendalough to walk around an old
cemetery in a light drizzle. James drank a half-pint of Guinness at just
after 10am in the adjoining coffee shop. Later we stopped at Charles
Parnell<t_s >Avondale House for a short tour. Our next stop was at Gorey
for lunch. Thomas ate some lamb, Nail ate a ham and cheese sandwich, I
ate a ham and cheese sandwich and a BLT, and James ate a chicken
baggette with slaw. Thomas bought a watch, then we met Neil up at the
bus. We drove straight on to Waterford where we met up with Mike, our
Irish walking-tour guide in downtown Waterford. The tour was short, but
very interesting. We then went back to Jury<t_s >Waterford to freshen up
before dinner. James and Thomas ate the lamb with mint jelly, while Neil
and I had the salmon. After dinner, we had a drink at the pub then off
to the swimming pool. Before swimming, I shaved off the lower half of my
goatee, opting to go with the Hulk Hogan look. We had to buy swim caps
before they let us in. We swam some laps before attacking the whirlpool.
Thomas, James, and Neil went in the sauna for a bit, while I relaxed. We
went back to our rooms to change, then back to the hotel pub for cards
and beer. Thomas and I won the game around 2am. We all retired to our
rooms shortly thereafter. James quote: "Are ya knockin<t_?">. Neil action:
Noose around neck and TNT detonation motions on the bus in reference to
the awful "Danny Boy" music we endured on ride to Waterford.

