Friday, May 8

James, Neil, and Thomas got up in time for breakfast, while I slept in a
little longer. We got to the bus by 8:45am, and waited for some
stragglers before heading to Tralee. We hit a museum which had a ride
which was really cool. You sat in this moving cart seeing glimpses of
how life was back in this old Irish town. Thomas and I rode with some
lady and her daughter. We got back on the bus and drove to a small and
beautiful town to take pictures on our way towards Limerick. We drove
straight through Limerick to Folk Land and Bunratty Castle. We arrived
at 1:30pm and only had an hour and a half to explore. We ate lunch ate
Mac's. Thomas and I ate BLTt's, James had an open face seafood sandwich
and Neil had a turkey and bacon sandwich. Thomas and I also had some
potato soup, which was fabulous. We walked around the village and
castle, then returned to the bus by 3:08pm. We headed to the Limerick
Inn Hotel where we relaxed before James, Thomas, and I boarded the bus
for our Medieval banquet at Knappogue Castle. We had an awesome time
being called "my lord". We drank mead and quite a bit of red wine. We
ate smoked salmon, potato soup, bread, carrots, green beans, potatoes,
and chicken. The entertainment was wonderful with lots of dancing and
singing. James was "arrested" for breaking rule #3 (intentionally
dropping bread in order to check out women). King MacNamara pardoned
James only after he sung to the masses. James sung "99 bottles of beer
on the wall". When he cleared his throat before starting to sing, all
the ladies laughed. When we arrived back at the hotel, I went to get
Neil and we all spent the rest of the evening drinking in the hotel pub
and talking to Laverne, Shirley and the mother-in-law of the Chicago
Bear's  place kicker, Jeff Jaeger. I was asleep by 12:30, Thomas a little
later.

