Monday, May 11

James got up around 9am and headed to the American Embassy to get a
passport. Neil, Thomas, and I got up a bit later and walked down to
Buckingham Palace. We watched the "Inspection of the Guards" ceremony
before heading towards Trafalgar Square to meet up with James. We passed
Big Ben, Parliament, Westminster, and some royal guards on our way. We
met James at 12 noon at Nelson's statue, then went by McDonald's, then
past 10 Downing Street (where the Prime Minister works) on our way to
the Cabinet War Rooms. Next we went to Westminster Abby, but it was
closed. We went to the National Gallery next back in Trafalgar Square.
There we saw Rembrandt's, Ruben's, van Dyke's, Titian's, Botticelli's,
and some Raphael's. We stayed there until around 3:15 or so. We were
able to see every wing except the Impressionists. We took the 15 bus to
Tower Hill. We got to the Tower of London around 4pm, and toured for an
hour and a half. We saw the crown jewels, and all sorts of other stuff
before heading back to the hotel. By the time we got back it was 6:15pm.
James showered, then he and I went to see Beauty and the Beast. We ate a
hot dog on the way to the play. At the play, James and I had some
popcorn, some cakes, and some Groelsh. After the play, James and I had
some beers at the hotel pub and met Janet and Eva from Hamburg, Germany.
They went to bed, then Becky and Sarah came by for some drinks. Neil and
Thomas, of course, followed some 5-10 minutes behind. Neil took the
video camera upstairs and passed out shortly after. Thomas, James and I
went to Burger King. James sat in the middle of us. Thomas was going on
and on about Sarah and Becky, while James wrote "HELP" in his french
fries. I laughed so hard that I shot Pepsi through my nose. Later, James
wrote "S.O.S." with straw wrappers and his drink lid. In bed by 2am or
so.

