Saturday, May 2

James and I woke up around 7:50am and scrambled to get ready by five
after eight. We all quickly walked down Picadilly to catch a Gray Line
Tour Bus to Stonehenge, Salisbury, and Bath. The pickup spot was very
hard to find, so we were late getting to Berkeley Street, and missed the
bus. A kind porter at the Holiday Inn got us a cab to meet up with the
tour. The cabby dropped us off in time to hop on to the tour bus. Our
first stop was Stonehenge. It was very impressive. Our tour guide talked
about how less than fifty years ago, people were chipping off their own
souvenirs. We walked around, took many pictures and ate some donuts
before getting back on the bus, headed towards Salisbury. We toured the
city from the bus, then stopped a block or so from the cathedral. We
spent about 45 minutes or so touring the beautiful church. Our next stop
was Bath. Here we toured the ancient Roman Baths and ate lunch at Burger
King. I watched some rugby in a pub, while Neil, Thomas, and James went
window shopping. The bus picked us up promptly at 4:25pm. We saw some
beautiful countryside on our two-hour ride back to London. We got off
the bus at Hyde Park, stopped by the Hard Rock Café and some sidewalk
shops on our way back to the hotel. We changed clothes at the hotel,
then headed to China Town for some dinner. After dinner, we walked
around the city, people watching. ("I’m all over that old dude" -
James). We tried to get into the Hippodrome, but the doorman said Neil
was underdressed. We hit two more pubs on our way back to the hotel, one
of which had Karioke. We packed our bags and showered at the hotel, then
went to sleep. We were completely exhausted.
